DOCS-11058 added changes for deploying a proxy (#379)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/proxy-latest-concept.adoc

= Deploy Your API Proxy
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You can deploy your API proxy to CloudHub, Runtime Fabric, or a hybrid cloud environment. By default, the resources allocated to the proxy application include a CPU with 0.1 vCores and a memory of 500 MB. If required, modify the resource allocation from xref:runtime-manager::deploying-to-cloudhub#change-settings-of-a-deployed-application.adoc[Runtime Manager].

Reviewer: I missed something here. This sentence: `By default, the resources allocated to the proxy application include a CPU with 0.1 vCores and a memory of 500 MB.`, applies only to Cloudhub, but we are mentioning all proxies. This value is different in Runtime Fabric, for example. And as Hybrid uses customer's infrastructure, it is constrained to that.

Author: Done! Thanks!

= Deploy Your API Proxy
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You can deploy your API proxy to CloudHub, Runtime Fabric, or Hybrid environment. By default, the resources allocated to the proxy application includes a CPU with 0.1 vCores and a memory of 500 MBs. You can modify the resource allocation, if required, from xref:runtime-manager::deploying-to-cloudhub#change-settings-of-a-deployed-application.adoc[Runtime Manager].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can deploy your API proxy to CloudHub, Runtime Fabric, or a hybrid cloud environment. By default, the resources allocated to the proxy application include a CPU with 0.1 vCores and a memory of 500 MB. If required, modify the resource allocation from xref:runtime-manager::deploying-to-cloudhub#change-settings-of-a-deployed-application.adoc[Runtime Manager].
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Prerequisites

> Before you deploy your API proxy, ensure that you complete the following requirements based on where you are deploying the proxy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you deploy your API proxy, complete the following requirements if you work in a hybrid cloud or Runtime Fabric environment:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Hybrid: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Hybrid cloud
```

Reviewer 2: Is there any reason that the order in which these environments are listed here does not match the order in which they appear in the sentence at Line 6?

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ** For private servers, you must have access to a Mule runtime engine (mule) instance that has been configured for your organization. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** For private servers, obtain access to a Mule runtime engine (mule) instance configured for your organization. 
```

Reviewer 2: Rewording to be consistent with the task of completing requirements: obtain, register,...

Author: Done! Thanks!

+

> For information on how to configure a Mule instance as a server, see xref:runtime-manager::servers-create.adoc[register a server in Runtime Manager].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For information about how to configure a Mule instance as a server, see xref:runtime-manager::servers-create.adoc[register a server in Runtime Manager].
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ** You must register your private server with a Mule agent that is compatible with your Mule instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Register your private server with a Mule agent that is compatible with your Mule instance.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
For Mule versions 3.8 and later, use Mule Agent 1.9.0. For Mule 4.x, use the Mule Agent specified in the release notes. 
* Runtime Fabric

> ** You must have the Manage APIs Configuration and Deploy API Proxies permissions on your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Obtain the Manage APIs Configuration and Deploy API Proxies permissions on your account.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ** You must be using Mule versions 3.8.7, 3.9.1, or 4.1.2, or later.

Reviewer 2: Parallelism, Line 18 and avoiding modal verbs:
```suggestion
** Use Mule versions 3.8.7, 3.9.1, 4.1.2, or later.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* CloudHub:
+
Currently, no prerequisites are required for CloudHub

> //Kim, IMO, not mentioning that no prerequisites are required for CH might be confusing for the users, so I addedd it. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: See suggested updated list introduction at Line 10.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == Deploy your API Proxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Deploy Your API Proxy
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

To deploy your proxy:

. From Anypoint Platform, select *API Manager* > *Manage API* > *Manage API From Exchange*.
. In *API Name*, search for the name of the asset as saved in Exchange.
+

> The *Asset type*, *API version*, and *Asset version* fields for the API are auto-populated from Exchange.

Reviewer 2: Although this is interesting, is it necessary to the task?

Author: I'd leave it in. Done! Thanks!

> . From *Managing type*, select *Endpoint with proxy* and select the *Proxy deployment target* for the proxy, *CloudHub*, *Hybrid*, or *Runtime Fabric*:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From *Managing type*, select *Endpoint with proxy* and select the *Proxy deployment target* value for the proxy, one of *CloudHub*, *Hybrid*, or *Runtime Fabric*:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
image:select-deployment-target.png[Select Managing type and Deployment Target]

<1> Search for APIs from Exchange.
<2> Select a proxy deployment target.

> . If your Mule target is Mule 4, check *Mule version* or leave it unchecked if you are using Mule 3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If your Mule target is Mule 4, select *Mule version*; otherwise, leave it unselected.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+

> If you are deploying your API to a Mule 4 environment and want to enable the proxy to support HTTPS requests, you must first xref:building-https-proxy.adoc[build HTTPS API proxies]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are deploying your API to a Mule 4 environment and want to enable the proxy to support HTTPS requests, first xref:building-https-proxy.adoc[build HTTPS API proxies]. 
```

Reviewer 2: Again, this is interesting, but is it crucial to THIS task of deploying?

Author: Yes it is needed!

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . In *Implementation URI*, specify the base URL path using which you can access the proxy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In *Implementation URI*, specify the URL path to access the proxy.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Optionally, specify the advanced parameters, such as *TLS context for outbound traffic*, *Proxy version*, *Validations*, *Response timeout*, and *Port*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optionally specify advanced parameters, such as *TLS context for outbound traffic*, *Proxy version*, *Validations*, *Response timeout*, and *Port*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Click *Save*.
+
Your configuration information is saved and the *Deployment Configuration* section of the UI is displayed.
. In *Deployment Configuration*, specify the Mule version in *Runtime version* and the name of the proxy application in *Proxy application name*.
+
If you are updating an existing proxy application, select *Update application if it exists*.
. Click *Deploy*.
+
Your API proxy is now deployed to your selected environment. The following illustration shows an example of the screen that appears when you deploy an API proxy to CloudHub:
+
image:deploy-api-proxy.png.png[Example of Deploying API Proxies in CloudHub,80%,80%]

> <1> Deploying the API to a specific enviornment, for example, CloudHub in this case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Deploying the API to a specific environment, CloudHub in this case.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

<2> Deployment status displayed as successful.
<3> View deployment logs in Runtime Manager.

> . If you deployed your API to a Mule 3 environment, xref:enable-https-mule3-proxies.adoc[enable HTTPS in Mule 3x].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If you deployed your API to a Mule 3 environment, xref:enable-https-mule3-proxies.adoc[enable HTTPS].
```

Reviewer 2: Related to Line 44? Should that info be here instead?

Author: Done! Thanks!
